Expand system executors (continuation of #70) (#81)
github/codeql-go: change-notes/1.24/analysis-go.md

| Useless assignment to field (`go/useless-assignment-to-field`)                | Fewer false positives | The query now conservatively handles fields promoted through embedded pointer types.                                                                                        |
| Bitwise exclusive-or used like exponentiation (`go/mistyped-exponentiation`)  | Fewer false positives | The query now identifies when the value of an xor is assigned to a mask object, and excludes such results.                                                                  |
| Open URL redirect (`go/unvalidated-url-redirection`)                          | Fewer false positives | The query now identifies some sources that are not attacker-controlled, and excludes results with such sources.                                                             |

> | Operating system command from user-controlled sources (`go/command-injection`) | More results          | The library models used by the query have been improved, allowing it to flag more potentially problematic cases, including sources that flow into shells, sudo, or programming-language interpreters as arguments. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Command built from user-controlled sources (`go/command-injection`) | More results          | The library models used by the query have been improved, allowing it to flag more potentially problematic cases, including sources that flow into shells, sudo, or programming-language interpreters as arguments. |
```

(We generally use the query `@name` here.)
